I told them to drop dead you wouldn't
think it but for a game that looks so
chaotic necrodancer works because of the
simple principles is built upon and it's
a philosophy that dates back to the
game's inception the crazy idea of
blending rhythm with roguelikes wasn't a
gimmicky way to stand out but the
product of simple and rational
problem-solving Ryan Clark and brace
yourself games wanted to make a
turn-based roguelike that was fair the
compromise resulted in a rapid turn
based system and which eternally lasted
a second clock likened it to move into a
beat so he played MJ thriller in the
background and well the rest is history
as we said this design attitude
permeates throughout the whole game
there's a simple graphics that don't
overcrowd the screen or the fact that
there's only four buttons that contains
the fast and constant dancing the
alternating disco lights make it easier
to skip to the beat and building a
rhythm multiplier into coin scoring as
well as particular weapons and armor is
simply genius necrodancer has a lot of
complexity and strategy the one broken
down it's design is simple simply the
best
crypt of the necrodancer let you dance
to your own beat by giving you so many
different ways to shake it starting with
the music you can customize all the
songs as we found not every song works
whatever you choose needs to have a
constant B but once we try to song that
did specifically sweet dreams by your if
mix we were in all playing the game to a
song you know and love is just awesome
and the ability to change it up stops
the music from getting repetitive in a
game that is built to be replayed over
and over also if the Danny Baranowski
soundtrack was somehow not enough there
is both a melody and metal remix of it
to be unlocked moving on the different
characters that can be unlocked
fundamentally change the game bar
doesn't have to move to the beat eli has
infinite bombs but no weapons and REO
will die she misses just one beat
perhaps a seemingly minor feature is the
ability to add or remove items from the
in-game chests it can more easily net
you your favorite weapon or load up the
chest would help regenerative feed you
take too much damage lastly you can play
the game with a dance pad it probably
won't consume most of your play time but
it's a fun option to have and it
epitomizes necro dancers commitment to
giving players what they want through
early access they have curated a highly
user-friendly experience that lets you
change how you play into whatever song
you like
okay we're cheating a bit here because
this last point isn't really a point
it's just us listing of the other things
we love about necrodancer we love how to
shop keeper buffets vocal talents midway
through the awesome songs we love the
monumental amount of weapons armor
relics spells and shrines at a whole
extra layer of strategy on top of the
dance floor grooving we love the story
that at first appear superfluous but
it's full of deep Lauren intrigued the
more you explore we love the minibosses
that make completing every stage an
accomplishment we also love the big
bosses and the character and stage
design of them they're just phenomenal
simply we love crypt of the necrodancer
and that's why it's our game of the
Month for April and why do you recommend
you put on your blue suede shoes and cut
loose with necrodancer if you want more
necrodancer info we suggest you check
out this me documentary brace yourself
games madden its development thanks guys
for watching my name's laurence and my
name's josh we'll see you next time here